---
title: COURSERA Week3 Exploring the wonderful world of data (2)
date: 2021-03-22 12:25:00
toc: true
toc_sticky: true
categories: google
tags:
  - google
  - coursera
  - chapter 1
  - data analytics
---


## 주제

>이번 주차에서는 Data life cycle과 data analysis 의 six steps에 대해 배운다.

## Six steps of data analysis

1. Ask  
First, defining a problem means you look at the current state and identify how it's different from the ideal state.
Another important part of the ask phase is understanding stakeholder expectations. The first step here is to determine who the stakeholders are.

2. Prepare  
This is where data analysts collect and store data they'll use for the upcoming analysis process. Also discover why it's so important that your data and results are objective and unbiased.

3. Process    
 Data analysts find and eliminate any errors and inaccuracies that can get in the way of results. This usually means cleaning data, transforming it into a more useful format, combining two or more datasets to make information more complete and removing outliers, which are any data points that could skew the information.

4. Analyze      
Analyzing the data you've collected involves using tools to transform and organize that information so that you can draw useful conclusions, make predictions, and drive informed decision-making.

5. Share  
How data analysts interpret results and share them with others to help stakeholders make effective data-driven decisions. In the share phase, visualization is a data analyst's best friend.

6. Act    
This is the moment when the business takes all of the insights you, the data analyst, have provided and puts them to work in order to solve the original business problem.
