---
title: Week2 Thinking analytically (1)
date: 2021-03-21 12:25:00
toc: true
toc_sticky: true
categories: google
tags:
  - google
  - coursera
  - data analytics
---


## 핵심 내용

>이번 주차에서는 데이터 분석가가 갖추어야 할 5가지 필수 요소에 대해 소개했다.

1. Curiosity  
Curiosity is all about wanting to learn something.

2. Understanding context  
Context is the condition in which something exists or happens. This can be a structure or an environment.

3. Having technical mindset  
A technical mindset involves the ability to break things down into smaller steps or pieces and work with them in an orderly and logical way.

4. Data design  
Data design is how you organize information. As a data analyst, design typically has to do with an actual database

5. Data strategy  
Data strategy is the management of the people, processes, and tools used in data analysis. Manage people by making sure they know how to use the right data to find solutions to the problem you're working on. For processes, it's about making sure the path to that solution is clear and accessible.

### Analytical skills
Qualities and characteristics associated with using facts to solve problems

### Analytical thinking
The process of identifying and defining a problem, then solving it by using data in an organized, step-by-step manner

### Context
The condition in which something exists or happens

### Data analytics
The science of data

### Gap analysis
A method for examining and evaluating the current state of a process in order to identify opportunities for improvement in the future
